Hi, guys, in this lesson, we will test our whole application step by step and we will complete our
course.
First of all, we can sign up to the application from the register page here.
We have three different inputs and these all fields are required.
We can fill our inputs with some content.
Then we can create the user.
Now I can sign into the application with this user.
When I sign into the application, I can see my purchase items in the profile page.
I can also buy new books from the home page.
When I click the buy button on the home page, purchase will be achieved.
Now let's look at and let's see the admin operations.
Then we sign up.
Our role will be user by default.
Of course we have different roles like admin.
Admin role is a specific role and it is handled by only internal APIs.
So to change the role of the user, we should specify it.
The API.
Just why did we do it like that?
Because of security.
Actually, we created admin role on the backend test so we can use those users easily on the frontend
then me log in with those users to the application.
We will see the admin dashboard and from the admin dashboard we can create products, we can edit products
and we can delete products and test them one by one.
OK, everything looks perfect.
That's all.
Thank you.